[WIP] post: IPFS Camp Recap (#262)
ipfs/blog: content/post/NEW-ipfs-camp-recap.md

---
date: 2019-07-05
url: 2019-07-05-ipfs-camp-recap
tags: IPFS, IPFS Camp
title: 2019 IPFS Camp Recap
author: David Dias
---

Greetings InterPlanetary Community!

> The InterPlanetary Space Training Camp is over and now that we are all back to Earth, I've the joy of sharing the news and learnings with you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InterPlanetary Space Training Camp is over and now that we are all back to Earth, I have the joy of sharing the news and learnings with you.
```

This reads weirdly as a contraction.

> If you aren't familiar with the [InterPlanetary Space Training Camp (IPFS Camp for short), it was a 3 day Hacker retreat for the Builders of the DWeb](https://camp.ipfs.io/). Attendees travelled through a [space portal](https://twitter.com/ChrisPacia/status/1144291810874920967) to get to Space Training Station in another Galaxy (Star coordinates yet undisclosed). Throughout the Camp, attendees had the chance to participate in:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you aren't familiar with the [InterPlanetary Space Training Camp](https://camp.ipfs.io/) (IPFS Camp for short), it was a 3 day Hacker retreat for the Builders of the DWeb. Attendees travelled through a [space portal](https://twitter.com/ChrisPacia/status/1144291810874920967) to get to Space Training Station in another Galaxy (Star coordinates yet undisclosed). Throughout the Camp, attendees had the chance to participate in:
```
Shorter links tend to be easier to read

- [**👩🏽‍🏫 Core & Elective Courses**](https://github.com/ipfs/camp#-core--elective-courses) - Specialized and focused trainings on building for the DWeb.
- [**📃 Poster Projects**](https://github.com/ipfs/camp#-poster-projects) - Collaborate in Groups to understand, explain and present how multiple parts of the DWeb Stack work
- [**🐋 Deep Dives**](https://github.com/ipfs/camp#-deep-dives) - Form small teams to understand, research and come up with solutions to one of the many open problems
- [**⚡️ Lightning Talks**](https://github.com/ipfs/camp#%EF%B8%8F-lightning-talks) - Learn what is the latest from multiple projects in the IPFS ecosystem
- [**🧬 Sci-Fi Fair**](https://github.com/ipfs/camp#-sci-fi-fair) - Get blown away by huge Sci-Fi experiments, soon to be seen in a Network close to you
- [**🧩 Unconf**](https://github.com/ipfs/camp#-unconf) - Gather folks around shared topics of interest and discuss collaborations.

> 

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/618519/60735219-c1426780-9f52-11e9-92b7-f9b64eb9193c.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/618519/60735264-e931cb00-9f52-11e9-8bae-c7f6d7e6ac83.png)
I'd love to see a little more content about the courses and lightning talks - do you think adding an image for each one and/or indexing on a few particularly notable talks would work?

Author: Let me think more about this, I've one idea.

> ### IPFS Camp `Succes`s is `defined` by the number of `friendships`, `conversations`, `collaborations` and `new projects` that get started.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### IPFS Camp `Success` is `defined` by the number of `friendships`, `conversations`, `collaborations` and `new projects` that get started.
```
Typo

And it was a blast. Here is a quick video recap as a souvenir for everyone that was there and a postcard for everyone that didn't get a chance this time:

> INSERT RECAP VIDEO HERE

Author: @doctorrobinson, here is where I'm planning to insert the video.

Reviewer 4: https://youtu.be/kc_dxO-V8YM is up!

However, the IPFS Camp spirit doesn't stop here, now it is all about continuing the dialog that got started and taking all the learnings and materials to local IPFS Communities, showing and teaching more folks how to build on the P2P Web. All the content produced can be found on the IPFS Camp Repo -- http://github.com/ipfs/camp. Soon we will be posting all the recordings as well.

Last, but definitely not the least, a huge THANK YOU ❤️ to everyone that contributed to the event. IPFS Camp wouldn't be possible if it werent for:

- **160 Attendees** coming from over **22 Countries**!
- [**67 Content Creators**](https://camp.ipfs.io/team) that produced all the training and talk material for the camp attendees
- An outstanding [Production Team](https://camp.ipfs.io/team) that created the phenomenal experienced for everyone.
- The over 4000 IPFS Community members that have been building this project with us since the beginning.

> INSERT GROUP PHOTO HERE

Author: @yunigraham Where can I find all the final group photos so that I can make a nice GIF?

Reviewer 2: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1IAIQZyKg61RVXd-YEtu1vGJMOjwWCIwd

In name of the whole IPFS Project, thank you all for being part of this project, such an ambitious goal couldn't be achieved without all your energy, passion and will to do the right thing.

David Dias & IPFS Team

`Extra:` As a closing gift, here are some random interesting facts about Camp:

> - IPFS Camp was the 1st time the Lazer Cat bot became **P2P Lazer Cat bot** 😸

Author: @gorhgorh, do you have a repo with the code and demo of P2P Lazer Cat bot that I can link here?

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/618519/60735147-86d8ca80-9f52-11e9-8e6a-cae3a320972c.png)

Reviewer 5: opps sorry i missed this message https://github.com/gorhgorh/ipfscatremote there you are

Author: Any higher res version of the picture?

Author: @gorhgorh you should add a video demo at the top of the repo :D

> - All you can eat fruit ice cream made all attendees very happy 🍨

Author: @yunigraham do you have a photo of the Ice Cream chests? :D

> - Textile created a **P2P Tag Game**. I believe the last person to be "it" is still looking the next person to tag, so look out at next events! 👋🏽

Author: @andrewxhill is there a repo (or url with more info) for the P2P Tag Game that I can link here?

Reviewer 2: tag selfie: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/618519/60735128-745e9100-9f52-11e9-9044-4c29af222037.png)

Author: Any higher res version?

> - The first **SWAG Trading Post** was established, an eco-responsible way of attendees picking the item of swag they love the most or that they can trade for others, avoiding the regular Conference waste of ETOOMANYBELLSANDWHISTLES.

Author: @yunigraham is there a photo of the super nice SWAG Trading Post?

- The Wifi worked! Well, almost, we are sorry for that one morning hiccup. Thank you everyone for the patience and the Trainers for coming prepared with ways to make their courses work offline and distributed ❤️

> - The whole NPM was crammed into a box for the first time, an homage to Jen from the IT Crowd

Author: @achingbrain what is the best photo for me to link here?

Reviewer 2: my fave: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/618519/60735173-99530400-9f52-11e9-9b88-555702d633c9.png)

> 

Author: @olizilla @lidel @alanshaw you have a good eye for really fun and clever stuff. What else happened at Camp that we can list as a fun fact ? :D

Reviewer: I won't be offended if you don't use any of these:

* The power cut out for a bit but the Space Training Station continued to operate! Offline first FTW!
* Many people organically found and recommended people to find at camp using https://gthr.io/
    * Not a great link - we should find some more info about this project
* Karaoke is the one true way to unite the dweb builders
* Maybe some stats from the repo? https://github.com/ipfs/camp/pulse/monthly
